---
layout: default
title: Girls Scholarship and Livelihoods Program
modal-id: 2
date: 2014-07-17
img: girls.png
alt: image-alt
project-date: April 2014
client: Start Bootstrap
category: structure
description: The Tibetan Girls Scholarship Program was initiated in summer 2018 with funding from The Tibet Fund. 
---

The Tibetan Girls Scholarship Program was initiated in summer 2018 with funding from The Tibet Fund. GSP aims to provide support for girls with limited resources to pursue higher education and professional studies, regardless of academic excellence. 
12 applicants out of 60 were selected jointly by Drokmo and The Tibet Fund to receive scholarship in 2018 based primarily on economic vulnerability. Of these, 3 girls are from Tibet, 2 from Nepal and 7 from settlements around India. They are studying in India in a variety of fields, such as Fashion Design, Tibetan Studies, Business Administration, and Law. GSP covers full tuition fees of up to INR 40,000 per annum for degree programs, technical skills programs and diploma programs, and up to INR 60,000 per annum for professional studies, in addition to which, INR 7,500 per month per academic year is provided as daily allowance to cover basic living expenses.
We believe that to for GSP recipients to fully manifest their potential at the end of the Girls Scholarship Program, the financial support for access to higher education must be reinforced by trainings and mentorship to create a wholistic support system. Therefore, we are developing a network of professional mentors and facilitating skills training. We can thereby ensure that the recipients of the Girls Scholarship Program are also equipped with skills to enhance their professional development and increase their chances of employment, by expanding the program to Girls Scholarship and Livelihoods Program. 
